[DJM-218] Remove install logs section in Databricks page (#28948)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/data_jobs/databricks.md

1. Click **Generate new token**, enter "Datadog Integration" in the **Comment** field, remove the default value in **Lifetime (days)**, and click **Generate**. Take note of your token.

   **Important:**

>    * For the [Datadog managed init script install (recommended)](?tab=datadogmanagedglobalinitscriptrecommended#install-the-datadog-agent), ensure token's Principal is a <strong>Workspace Admin</strong>.
>    * For manual init script installation, ensure token's Principal has [CAN VIEW access][9] for the Databricks jobs and clusters you want to monitor.
>    * Make sure you set the **Lifetime (days)** value to the maximum allowed (730 days) and set a reminder to update the token before it expires.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * For the [Datadog managed init script install (recommended)](?tab=datadogmanagedglobalinitscriptrecommended#install-the-datadog-agent), ensure the token's Principal is a <strong>Workspace Admin</strong>.
   * For manual init script installation, ensure the token's Principal has [CAN VIEW access][9] for the Databricks jobs and clusters you want to monitor.
   * Set the **Lifetime (days)** value to the maximum allowed (730 days), and create a reminder to update the token before it expires.
```
